Align `bert-base-cased` usage, install missing `seqeval`, and re-run `Overview.ipynb` (#5902)
huggingface/datasets: docs/source/quickstart.mdx

an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
-->

# Quickstart

[[open-in-colab]]

This quickstart is intended for developers who are ready to dive into the code and see an example of how to integrate 🤗 Datasets into their model training workflow. If you're a beginner, we recommend starting with our [tutorials](./tutorial), where you'll get a more thorough introduction.

Each dataset is unique, and depending on the task, some datasets may require additional steps to prepare it for training. But you can always use 🤗 Datasets tools to load and process a dataset. The fastest and easiest way to get started is by loading an existing dataset from the [Hugging Face Hub](https://huggingface.co/datasets). There are thousands of datasets to choose from, spanning many tasks. Choose the type of dataset you want to work with, and let's get started!

<div class="mt-4">
   <div class="w-full flex flex-col space-y-4 md:space-y-0 md:grid md:grid-cols-3 md:gap-y-4 md:gap-x-5">

>       <a class="!no-underline border dark:border-gray-700 p-5 rounded-lg shadow hover:shadow-lg" href="#text"

Reviewer: I don't think we should do any reordering/renaming of the existing paragraphs/sections. Initially, we only supported NLP, but now we support other modalities, so we want to emphasize that by putting them at the top.

         ><div class="w-full text-center bg-gradient-to-r from-violet-300 via-sky-400 to-green-500 rounded-lg py-1.5 font-semibold mb-5 text-white text-lg leading-relaxed">Audio</div>
         <p class="text-gray-700">Resample an audio dataset and get it ready for a model to classify what type of banking issue a speaker is calling about.</p>
      </a>

>       <a class="!no-underline border dark:border-gray-700 p-5 rounded-lg shadow hover:shadow-lg" href="#image"

Reviewer: Let's not change these names (Vision and NLP) as they are aligned with the Hub task taxonomy.

pip install datasets
```

> Besides 🤗 Datasets, make sure your preferred machine learning framework is installed, so you can convert a dataset to be compatible with a specific framework.

Reviewer: Nit:

```suggestion
Besides 🤗 Datasets, make sure your preferred machine learning framework is installed:
```

Also, let's put this part after the `pip install datasets[audio]` and `pip install datasets[image]` blocks

```

**4**. Rename the `label` column to `labels`, which is the expected input name in [BertForSequenceClassification](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main/en/model_doc/bert#transformers.BertForSequenceClassification):

```py
>>> dataset = dataset.map(lambda examples: {"labels": examples["label"]}, batched=True)
```

**5**. Set the dataset format according to the machine learning framework you're using.

<frameworkcontent>
<pt>
Use the [`~Dataset.set_format`] function to set the dataset format to `torch` and specify the columns you want to format. This function applies formatting on-the-fly. After converting to PyTorch tensors, wrap the dataset in [`torch.utils.data.DataLoader`](https://alband.github.io/doc_view/data.html?highlight=torch%20utils%20data%20dataloader#torch.utils.data.DataLoader):

```py
>>> import torch

>>> dataset.set_format(type="torch", columns=["input_ids", "token_type_ids", "attention_mask", "labels"])
>>> dataloader = torch.utils.data.DataLoader(dataset, batch_size=32)
```
</pt>
<tf>

> Use the [`~Dataset.to_tf_dataset`] function to set the dataset format to be compatible with TensorFlow. You'll also need to import a [data collator](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/data_collator#transformers.DataCollatorWithPadding) from 🤗 Transformers to combine the varying sequence lengths into a single batch of equal lengths:

Reviewer: I think we should replace the `to_tf_dataset` calls with `model.prepare_tf_dataset` (the difference is explained [here](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/04ab5605fbb4ef207b10bf2772d88c53fc242e83/examples/tensorflow/image-classification/run_image_classification.py#L472C15-L476))

Author: Hmm regarding this comment, shouldn't we just keep it as is, but point users to use `model.prepare_tf_dataset` whenever they want to train/fine-tune a model? Meaning that they can either rely on `to_tf_dataset` from `datasets`, but if using the dataset as part of a training/fine-tune they can just rely on `prepare_tf_dataset` as that has everything built-in for training loops, right? Maybe I'm missing something

Author: But I agree that it's nice to point users to `prepare_tf_dataset` when needed! 😄

Reviewer: These examples train/fine-tune Transformers models, so I prefer `prepare_tf_dataset` as it's more user-friendly.

```
</pt>
<tf>

> Use the [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [`~transformers.TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with
```

```
</pt>
<tf>

> Use the [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with
> TensorFlow, and ready to train/fine-tune a model, as it wraps a HuggingFace [`~datasets.Dataset`] as a `tf.data.Dataset`
> with collation and batching, so one can pass it directly to Keras methods like `fit()` without further modification. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset for training. This method wraps a [`~datasets.Dataset`] as a `tf.data.Dataset`
with collation and batching, so you can pass it directly to Keras methods like `fit()` without further modification. 
```

Reviewer 2: Same for the Image and Text sections :)

> Use the [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with
> TensorFlow, and ready to train/fine-tune a model, as it wraps a HuggingFace [`~datasets.Dataset`] as a `tf.data.Dataset`
> with collation and batching, so one can pass it directly to Keras methods like `fit()` without further modification. 
> 
> ```py
> >>> import tensorflow as tf
> 
> >>> tf_dataset = model.prepare_tf_dataset(
> ...     dataset,
> ...     batch_size=4,
> ...     shuffle=True,
> ... )
> ```
> 
> Additionally, you can also use the [`~Dataset.prepare_tf_dataset`] function to set the dataset format to 
> be compatible with TensorFlow; and you'll also need to import a [data collator](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/main_classes/data_collator#transformers.DataCollatorWithPadding) 
> from 🤗 Transformers to combine the varying sequence lengths into a single batch of equal lengths:

Reviewer: `to_tf_dataset` is explained in the `Use with Tensorflow` doc. Also, we plan to rewrite this method completely to make it faster, easier to use, support nested data, etc.. So, in the current state, it's OK not to "promote" it here:

````suggestion
Use the [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with TensorFlow. This method also handles collation and batching, making the dataset ready for training: 

```py
>>> import tensorflow as tf

>>> tf_dataset = model.prepare_tf_dataset(
...     dataset,
...     batch_size=4,
...     shuffle=True,
... )
```
````

PS: For ``[`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`]`` to be resolved, `transformers` and `tensorflow` must be added as doc dependencies to `setup.py. You can also add `torch` to the list for the DataLoader reference (and remove the hardcoded link)

Reviewer 2: > So, in the current state, it's OK not to "promote" it here

Yeah maybe we can remove it entirely? I think for the Quickstart it's not as important to present alternatives and we can just stick to `prepare_tf_dataset`.

>>> dataloader = DataLoader(dataset, collate_fn=collate_fn, batch_size=4)
```
</pt>
<tf>

> Use the [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [`~transformers.TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with
```

**7**. Start training with your machine learning framework! Check out the 🤗 Transformers [audio classification guide](https://huggingface.co/docs/transformers/tasks/audio_classification) for an end-to-end example of how to train a model on an audio dataset.

> ## Image

Reviewer: The Vision section is missing the "to TF dataset" conversion step - [this](https://github.com/huggingface/transformers/blob/v4.28.1/examples/tensorflow/image-classification/run_image_classification.py#L472C15-L476) example script can help with that.

Author: I think the link is not correct, but I've included the `prepare_tf_dataset` call, anyway if we can also include the `to_tf_dataset` alternative that would be nice 😄

Reviewer: Now that we have a TF code here, maybe we should use a more framework-agnostic image transforms library (`albumentations` seems to be the best choice)

Reviewer 2: > Now that we have a TF code here, maybe we should use a more framework-agnostic image transforms library (albumentations seems to be the best choice)

Good idea! We have some example code [here](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/image_classification) that uses Albumentations that you can use to replace step 2.

```
</pt>
<tf>

> Use the [`~TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use the [`~transformers.TFPreTrainedModel.prepare_tf_dataset`] method from 🤗 Transformers to prepare the dataset to be compatible with
```
